In a system called 'twosidemassplane_0', a block of mass 1.0 kg rests on a plane inclined at an angle of 0 degrees. 
A string connected to the left side of the block in 'twosidemassplane_0' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the left side of the plane, and extends outward  to connect to the left side of the prism in 'massprismplaneentity_1' after wrapping around a pulley on the left side of the plane, remaining parallel to the plane.
A string connected to the right side of the block in 'twosidemassplane_0' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the right side of the plane, and extends outward  to connect to the left side of the prism in 'massprismplaneentity_2' after wrapping around a pulley on the left side of the plane, remaining parallel to the plane.
In a system called massprismplaneentity_1, a block of mass 1 kg rests on the left side a movable prism of mass 2 Kg. The prism makes an angle 30 degrees with the plane, which in turn makes an angle 0.0 degrees with horizontal.  
A string connected to the right side of the prism in 'massprismplaneentity_1' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the right side of the plane, and extends outward to connect to the left side of the block in 'directedmass_3'.
In a system called massprismplaneentity_2, a block of mass 1 kg rests on the left side a movable prism of mass 2 Kg. The prism makes an angle 45 degrees with the plane, which in turn makes an angle 0.0 degrees with horizontal.  
A string connected to the right side of the prism in 'massprismplaneentity_2' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the right side of the plane, and extends outward and is pulled by 'constantforcefixedpulley_4'.
In a system called directedmass_3, a block of mass 4 Kg is constrained to only move along the horizontal axis. It is connected to two light strings, making angle 30 and 120 degrees on its left and right sides, respectively, with horizontal for lengths 10 and 10 m before reaching fixed pulleys.
'constantforcefixedpulley_4' pulls the string attached to it with a constant force of 6 N.
In a system called 'stackedmassplane_6', 2 blocks are stacked on top of each other, resting on a plane with slope 30 degress. The masses of the blocks are 4 and 1 kg in bottom-to-top order.
A string connected to the left side of the 1st block from the bottom in 'stackedmassplane_6' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the left side of the plane, and extends outward to connect to the block in 'masswithfixedpulley_5' after wrapping over an overhead pulley.
A string connected to the right side of the 2nd block from the bottom in 'stackedmassplane_6' runs parallel to the plane to wrap around a pulley on the right side of the plane, and extends outward to connect to the right side of the block in 'directedmass_3'.
In a system called 'masswithfixedpulley_5', a block of mass 3 kg is suspended in the air with the help of a light string that goes over a pulley. 
What is the magnitude of the acceleration of the block resting on the plane in the system 'twosidemassplane_0' after 0.24 seconds? Assume acceleration due to gravity as 9.81 m/s^2, all strings inextensible, and all surfaces frictionless unless stated otherwise. All bodies are initially at rest unless stated otherwise. All plane inclinations are in counterclockwise direction wrt the viewing axis unless stated otherwise. 